to suru 46 Ford Explorer here 2004 so as
the chrome wheels is a limited as the
running boards heated seats
memory seat also and it has ninety seven
thousand miles you have a six-disc
in-dash CD changer dual climate control
those are the outside temperature as a
fun link up top also has the coat key is
you want to use that feature it's good
if you have a kind of lucky fuse in the
cars manager remember your code you can
also put in your own make your own
personal one-stop pretty convenient
third row see a little trailer hitch
there want to bring like a jet ski along
or something
Ezri racy also the vent there so and
heat to 45 65 17 the inspection told
June of 2014
price nice
Oh gauges also you need more info give
us a call here at Subaru 46